Sub: cover pilot control responsiveness configuration (#7028)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: sub/source/docs/pilot-control.rst

      - :ref:`PILOT_SPEED_DN<PILOT_SPEED_DN>` can be optionally used to set the maximum descent rate independently, instead of defaulting to :ref:`PILOT_SPEED_UP<PILOT_SPEED_UP>`
   - :ref:`SURFACE_MAX_THR<SURFACE_MAX_THR>` scales down upwards thrust when near the surface, to avoid pushing through the water surface and sucking air
- Automatic horizontal velocity control in POSHOLD mode can be limited by :ref:`PILOT_SPEED<PILOT_SPEED>`
- It is also possible to configure the outputs directly, using
   - :ref:`MOT_SLEW_UP_TIME<MOT_SLEW_UP_TIME>` and :ref:`MOT_SLEW_DN_TIME<MOT_SLEW_DN_TIME>`, to limit the rate the motors can increase or decrease thrust levels when a change is commanded
   - :ref:`MOT_PWM_MIN<MOT_PWM_MIN>` and :ref:`MOT_PWM_MAX<MOT_PWM_MAX>` define the available PWM range of all motor outputs
      - This is typically used to ensure the motor output commands match the expected input range of the ESCs, but can also be used to intentionally set a reduced range, to reduce performance and/or power usage

>       - If one or more motors are moving while disarmed / set to neutral, it may be necessary to set :ref:`MOT_PWM_TYPE<MOT_PWM_TYPE>` to `PWMRange (8)`, and adjust the relevant :ref:`SERVOn_TRIM<SERVO1_TRIM>` parameter(s) to correct for timing inconsistencies by moving the neutral point(s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Dhsot ESCs ignore these values. Range is fixed at 1000us to 2000us.

      - If one or more PWM ESC controlled motors are moving while disarmed, it may be necessary to adjust the relevant :ref:`SERVOn_TRIM<SERVO1_TRIM>` parameter(s) to correct tthe neutral point(s).
```

> - Motor output scaling can also be adjusted automatically, :ref:`in response to feedback from the power/battery monitoring system<current-limiting-and-voltage-scaling>`, using

Reviewer: the copter motor-thrust-scaling tag (page) should be referenced....you can link with a copter:motor-thrust-scaling or even just motor-thrust-scaling since interwiki inventories will now pick up the tag (I believe)
